
==== NAME ====

Posy::Plugin::CgiFile - Posy plugin to enable drop-in use of CGI scripts
inside Posy.


==== VERSION ====

This describes version ``0.0101'' of Posy::Plugin::CgiFile.


==== DESCRIPTION ====

This plugin adds another file type to Posy, the 'cgi' type, which enables
normal CGI scripts to be called from within Posy, and their output then
treated as if it was entry data, with the usual flavour templating done on
top of that.

This expects the file_extensions to have been set so that files with
appropriate extensions ('cgi') will have been set with a file-type of 'cgi'.

This replaces the 'parse_entry' method, and calls the parent method for
anything other than CGI.

This also replaces the 'get_title' method used by Posy::Plugin::EntryTitles,
so if one is using that module, one needs to put this after that in the
plugin list.


==   Cautions   ==

This plugin may not work if it is not run on a Unix-like system. This plugin
may not work if the given CGI script has too complicated a setup. This
plugin may not work if the CGI script gets confused between its own
parameters and the parameters used by Posy and/or other Posy plugins which
are also being used.

This plugin will not work with scripts which require the use of the
PATH_INFO or PATH_TRANSLATED environment variables.

This plugin will not work for scripts which use .htaccess + .htpasswd for
password protection; no passwords will be checked, and the script will be
wide open. This limitation *can* be circumvented, but only if you have
access to your server configuration. In that case, if, for example, you are
using an Apache server, then the <Location> directive can be used to contain
the suitable authorization commands to password-protect the URL of the
script you wish to protect.


==   Activation   ==

This plugin needs to be added to the plugins list and the file_extensions
hash.

This overrides the 'parse_entry' and 'get_title' methods; therefore care
needs to be taken with other plugins if they override the same methods.

Note that the URL used to call the dropped-in script is not going to be
'script.cgi', but should use the usual Posy flavour extensions; thus, it
would be called as 'script.html?myparam=myvalue' for example.


==== INSTALLATION ====

Installation needs will vary depending on the particular setup a person has.


==   Administrator, Automatic   ==

If you are the administrator of the system, then the dead simple method of
installing the modules is to use the CPAN or CPANPLUS system.

    cpanp -i Posy::Plugin::CgiFile

This will install this plugin in the usual places where modules get
installed when one is using CPAN(PLUS).


==   Administrator, By Hand   ==

If you are the administrator of the system, but don't wish to use the
CPAN(PLUS) method, then this is for you. Take the *.tar.gz file and untar it
in a suitable directory.

To install this module, run the following commands:

    perl Build.PL
    ./Build
    ./Build test
    ./Build install

Or, if you're on a platform (like DOS or Windows) that doesn't like the "./"
notation, you can do this:

   perl Build.PL
   perl Build
   perl Build test
   perl Build install


==   User With Shell Access   ==

If you are a user on a system, and don't have root/administrator access, you
need to install Posy somewhere other than the default place (since you don't
have access to it). However, if you have shell access to the system, then
you can install it in your home directory.

Say your home directory is "/home/fred", and you want to install the modules
into a subdirectory called "perl".

Download the *.tar.gz file and untar it in a suitable directory.

    perl Build.PL --install_base /home/fred/perl
    ./Build
    ./Build test
    ./Build install

This will install the files underneath /home/fred/perl.

You will then need to make sure that you alter the PERL5LIB variable to find
the modules.

Therefore you will need to change the PERL5LIB variable to add
/home/fred/perl/lib

        PERL5LIB=/home/fred/perl/lib:${PERL5LIB}


==== REQUIRES ====

    Test::More


==== AUTHOR ====

    Kathryn Andersen (RUBYKAT)
    perlkat AT katspace dot com
    http://www.katspace.com


==== COPYRIGHT AND LICENCE ====

Copyright (c) 2005 by Kathryn Andersen

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the same terms as Perl itself.

